# UNITY-3D-FIRST-PERSON-SHOOTER-GAME
Technology development has caused a significant change and positive development in the game culture. Regardless of the age limit, it enabled everyone to leave bad moods according to their taste and to have a fun time and socialize the individual in multiplayer environments simultaneously. Therefore, the game industry is undoubtedly one of the most critical departments in information technologies. The fact that it can be accessed on many platforms and that there is a wide variety of products and entertainment means it can reach a broad audience. The game world allows companies to become professionals and those who play those games at a professional level. At the same time, it can also offer people with a certain number of followers on social media opportunities such as being famous and making money by having large audiences because they share their fun times by shooting videos. Video games are the most prominent among these platforms. They can affect the players at a high-level thanks to the advanced environment suitable for high technology on desktop platforms. Such developments can be made with the Unity game engine, known for making advanced games compatible with high technology and working on many different platforms. Anyone with medium hardware can access almost any game in today's technology and can play most of them at medium and high graphics settings. This research project aims to develop a product that will enable us to control the negative emotions we feel in our daily life in the digital environment. For example, we live negative emotions when we do not want to leave our personal space, during a mandatory shutdown period such as a pandemic, or when we are voluntarily away from the outside world. Digital games will bring our negative moods to a healthier level and make us happy.
